This file only shows how the project can be used. I would highly recommned reading the README file to better understand how program works. 

#### Before you start using this you must understand a few things. 

* This data prediction will show you many different values for the same test cases as the data generated is random in nature.
* The model will probably need some changes in in logic before it can be put into use.
* Prepare to see lots of zeros. 

#### Running it
Inorder to run it you can simply run ``tester.py``. 

Change the no_of_agents as per your requirement. It is preferable to have multiple test cases with same agent count under ine test case as this will reduce execution time. 

The number of requests can be changed by changing the ``request_nos`` as can the number of test cases for a given number of agents.. 

The answer will be 0 if in the situations: No of resquests is less than the no of agesnts, or queue is empty. The answer will vary from run to run as the data generated is random much real life. 

If you want to access the functions directly call ``contoller()`` from ``main.py`` and pass the required parameters. 

**Note: You can see the data generated by either viewing ``Gen_Data.json`` in the folder after removing comment in [these](https://github.com/Treshank/SupportGenieEx1/blob/ff11da72a7ea0f882129ff5da6e8eb822040ba41/tester.py#L9) lines. The json can also be printed in format by removing comment [here](https://github.com/Treshank/SupportGenieEx1/blob/ff11da72a7ea0f882129ff5da6e8eb822040ba41/Classes/Issue.py#L63).
